== README

Welcome to Feet Heat, a marketplace for people to buy and sell sneakers and streetwear online! Coming soon (TM) to iOS.

*** Documentation / Implementation details ***

Built with Ruby version 2.1.5 and Rails version 4.1.8. SQLite 3 in development. Also featuring Sass-rails 4.0.3, Coffee-Rails 4.0.0, Jquery-Rails,
Twitter Bootstrap (sass). Paperclip, Figaro, Devise, used for image attachments and uploads, encryption of secret keys,
and user account functionality respectively. Utilized the Dropbox API for image storage in production.
Stripe API for payments, fully functional as of today for processing credit cards and transferring payment to sellers.

All .rb (Ruby) controller files can be found at feetheat/app/controllers. JavaScript and CoffeeScript used for 
configuring the Stripe API and validating credit card and bank account info along with displaying forms and errors is
found at feetheat/app/assets/javascripts. Custom styling/CSS is found at feetheat/app/assets/stylesheets/custom.css.scss

All models for the database and its three main tables (listings, orders, users) are found at feetheat/app/models.
Includes associations/relationships between the tables (one user can have many listings, each listing is tied to only
one user, etc.) and validation of table data as well as image content.

All views are found at feetheat/app/views, broken up into views/devise for most user account code pertaining to the
Devise gem (views/passwords, views/registrations, views/sessions, views/shared, views/unlocks); layouts for rendering
the header (navbar using Bootstrap, including dropdown links) and footer as well as some error handling, linking
to CSS and JavaScript files above, and meta tags for Stripe; listings for the home pageall forms related to listings,
new listings, edits, showing a listings's own page, a seller's particular listings; orders for all forms pertaining
to placing orders, generating a new order, and viewing purchase and sales histories for logged in users.

feetheat/config contains Ruby code setting up development and production environments; config/locales/devise.en.yml
contains most success and error/other status message text; API keys and tokens for Dropbox and Stripe are stored in 
application.yml and dropbox.yml. New pages and URLs are configured via config/routes.rb, including setting the home
page to listings#index (root).

Finally, the Gemfile contains all gems used for this app (mostly mentioned above) with short related comments for most.

The app is hosted live on Heroku at https://feetheat-2014.herokuapp.com/ using PostgreSQL in production. Server may be slow
at times, especially on wakeup, because it is currently hosted on only one dyno (Heroku's free offering).

Core functionality includes creating an account associated with your name, email, and password and basic related actions
(logging in/out, editing your user profile). Static pages include the home page, which doubles as the main Listings page,
the extremely bare-bones About and Contact pages, My Listings, Edit Profile, Sales History, Order (Purchase) History
for logged in users. Also includes the ability to create a new listing and/or place an order for signed in users;
the order and transaction functionality is live, using the Stripe API and CoffeeScript to set up validation logic
and ensure that credit card information does not touch our servers, rather going straight to Stripe.  

On creating a new listing, prospective sellers are asked to input their bank account information in order for payments (95% of
listing price) to be transferred to their accounts afterward through Stripe. Listings cannot be created without
filling out all fields, including uploading an image of the item in question; error messages will indicate as much.
Signed out users can only view listings; they cannot edit their profiles, view histories, create listings,
or place orders.

Users can create as many listings as they wish. Credit card and bank account information for buyers and sellers
must be valid, but for testing purposes, pseudo-valid credit card and bank account numbers can be found below:

Credit card: 4242 4242 4242 4242; any 3-digit number valid as a CVV code; ditto any expiration date in the future

Country code: US only; Routing number: 111000025; Account number: 000123456789
